modify docs for great renaming (#2555)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/altair/validator.md

## Introduction

> This document represents the expected behavior of an "honest validator" with respect to the Altair upgrade of the Ethereum consensus protocol.
> It builds on the [previous document for the behavior of an "honest validator" from Phase 0](../phase0/validator.md) of the Ethereum consensus protocol.

Reviewer: Ah, I just saw you used `Ethereum proof-of-stake protocol` to replaced them on phase0 spec. Either way is fine with me.

```suggestion
This document represents the expected behavior of an "honest validator" with respect to the Altair upgrade of the Ethereum proof-of-stake protocol.
It builds on the [previous document for the behavior of an "honest validator" from Phase 0](../phase0/validator.md) of the Ethereum proof-of-stake protocol.
```

Author: modded back to pos for consistency
